README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nayala98/09-Node.js-challenge?style=plastic)](./LICENSE)

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Description
This project is a command line application that automatically generates a professional README markdown file for a repository based on answers from the user. When the application runs, it presents a series of prompts to the user to fill in sections in the README.

## Technologies

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
* [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)

## Installation
To install dependencies, run the following:

`
npm i
`

## Usage
After installing the dependencies, run the application with 
`
node index.js
`

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT license](./LICENSE).

## Questions

Questions about this repository? Please contact me at [nathaniel.ayala20@gmail.com](mailto:nathaniel.ayala20@gmail.com). View more of my work at [nayala98](https://github.com/nayala98)

Commit message:

Added Video Link to README

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nayala98/09-Node.js-challenge?style=plastic)](./LICENSE)

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Description
This project is a command line application that automatically generates a professional README markdown file for a repository based on answers from the user. When the application runs, it presents a series of prompts to the user to fill in sections in the README.

## Demonstration
Video Demonstration of the generator: [Professional README Generator](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KqeCUdRr-WYbdHCsFjQl5EIVIMOHZHgD/view)

## Technologies

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
* [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)

## Installation
To install dependencies, run the following:

`
npm i
`

## Usage
After installing the dependencies, run the application with 
`
node index.js
`

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT license](./LICENSE).

## Questions

Questions about this repository? Please contact me at [nathaniel.ayala20@gmail.com](mailto:nathaniel.ayala20@gmail.com). View more of my work at [nayala98](https://github.com/nayala98)
